we are not alone in this world there are
other kinds of trolling oh really the
more trolls the merrier at the beginning
of trolls world tour
poppy discovers the the world is a lot
bigger and more beautiful and more
exciting than she could have imagined oh
I'm going to destroy all music except
for wrong our world becomes so vast
that's exciting to see how we can play
up on all the different musical styles
there's all these different styles of
music and all these different styles of
trolls it's just got real Queen barb
wants to be unite all of the trolls
under hard rock and there's a lot of
resistance from the other trolls we're
gonna need a battle plan and weapons the
only weapons we need this is gonna take
a lot of hugs we have so many more
characters and great actors and voices a
long list of awesome people that I truly
admire Justin Anderson PAC Anna doors
Clinton Ozzy Osbourne cool it feels so
much bigger than the first film but with
all the heart and emotion still intact
some of them are music it's like a right
beat a lot of people don't speak the
same language but when you hear a beat
that smacking and you can't help but to
do this that's something that everybody
can get together on it's all our
differences that make the world a richer
place
[Applause]
[Music]